here's a quick and easy way to groom
your pet the noob double-bagged is
shedding grooming tool is a quick way to
maintain a well-groomed shining smooth
and healthy coat for your pet it has an
ergonomic grip reinforced tpr and abs
handle used and recommended by pet
professionals worldwide you will not
regret buying this tool which dogs and
cats become attracted to very quickly as
you can see Mike Maggie just loves the
stainless steel de shedding edge reaches
deep within your dog's top coat gently
removes undercoat and loose hair
designed for professional results an
innovative to shedding all I need to do
is just flip over the comb to change to
the other side it is the easiest most
effective way to do shed or groom your
dog or cat it reduces up to ninety
percent shedding used and recommended by
all pet professional actual hair removal
treatments only needs to be used once or
twice a week did a shiny growing till
comes in three sizes too small which is
a 46 millimeter 76 millimeter and 100
millimeter today i have the 76
millimeter double back deshedding two
and one drew me to it for long or short
haired medium or small pets dogs cats
rabbits whatever you got the best in
home to shedding tool for undercoat care
the new double back is shutting features
a row of round tip teeth to easily
filter out the dead and shedding hair
from the undercoat and it comes the one
your money back guarantee now let's be
realistic here do not apply excessive
weight or download pressure when
grooming and never use this in an open
wound and please keep out of the reach
of children this is not a toy here's a
review about the product although my dog
is a crossbreed it has a terribly long
coat we purchased her through the pound
a few years ago needless to say not only
does she need daily brushing it is one
of her TLC times of the day or at least
with this brush it has become one the
brush is wonderful I vacuum and sweep
less each week and find that it really
helps to keep shutting under control not
to mention the price is very competitive
shipping with speedy and most of all she
loves the general brushing it's a great
tool here's another review I have a
long-haired Persian and this brush has
been wonderful i purchased a brush for
her because i haven't been able to find
one that is really
that she will tolerate this one has been
the exception she loves the feel of the
brush and her hair is so beautiful it
truly is great